THANK YOU!
WHAT A NICE GROUP!
>> Stephen: THEY ARE.
WE'VE BROUGHT IN A NICE AUDIENCE
FOR YOU TONIGHT.
>> WOW, THANK YOU, FOR A CHANGE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: I SAID, LET'S GET
A GOOD AUDIENCE FOR HER.
>> WOW, THANK YOU.
FINALLY.
ABOUT TIME.
>> Stephen: HOW YOU?
I KNOW YOU'VE GOTTEN HAPPINESS
IN YOUR LIFE.
CONGRATULATIONS, SINCE THE LAST
TIME YOU WERE ON HERE YOU GOT
MARRIED.
GOOD ON YA!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> I CAN NEITHER CONFIRM NOR
DENY MY NUPTIALS.
>> Stephen: I CAN.
NO, I'M NOT SHARING THAT PART
OF MY LIFE ANYMORE.
>> Stephen: WELL, I'LL SHARE
IT.
I'LL SHARE IT.
BECAUSE YOU SHARED THIS.
HERE, LOOK AT THAT.
>> OH, OKAY.
>> Stephen: THAT'S ON THE
BEACH SOMEWHERE --
>> WELL, OTHER THAN THAT,
THOUGH, THERE'S NO PROOF --
>> Stephen: THERE'S NO OTHER
PROOF THAN THIS, YOU GETTING
MARRIED.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> OKAY, AT THIS POINT, I CAN
CONFIRM, YES, I DID JUST GET
MARRIED.
THANK YOU.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: SOME PEOPLE SPEND
THEIR LIVES GOING, I'M NEVER
GOING TO GET MARRIED.
OR I'M NEVER GOING TO GET
MARRIED UNTIL I MEET THE RIGHT
PERSON.
OR NEVER GETTING MARRIED,
WHOOPS, WHO'S THIS GUY?
>> I WAS NEVER GOING TO GET
MARRIED.
I WAS DRESSING AS A
FORTUNE-TELLER.
I DID A BARBARA WALTERS
INTERVIEW ONCE AND SHE SAID
WHERE DO YOU SEE YOURSELF IN
FIVE YEARS.
I SAID MAYBE DIRECTING.
SHE SAID WHAT ABOUT A BABY, A
HUSBAND?
I WAS, LIKE, I DON'T KNOW, NEVER
THOUGHT ABOUT THAT.
BUT THEN I MET THIS GUY AND I
THOUGHT, I WANT TO PARTNER UP
WITH THIS GUY.
>> Stephen: WHERE DID YOU GO
FOR YOUR HONEYMOON OR ARE YOU
TOO BUSY FOR THAT KIND OF THING?
>> NO, I'M NOT BUSY.
>> Stephen: I HAPPEN TO KNOW
YOU, YOU ARE CONSTANTLY GRINDING
AROUND THE WORLD TO SELL
PRODUCT.
>> SIR, I AM NOT CONSTANT WILL
YOU GRINDING, AND YOU WATCH
YOURSELF.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT I DO HAVE MY OWN TAINT TEAM.
>> Stephen: YOU DO?
YES.
( LAUGHTER )
THEY'RE A GREAT, HARD-WORKING
BUNCH.
>> Stephen: I TRIED TO GET ONE
AND CBS SAID, NOT IN THE BUDGET.
>> WELL, INTERNS.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: COLLEGE CREDIT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I FORGET WHAT WE WERE TALKING
ABOUT.
>> Stephen: TAINTS.
TAINT TEAM.
>> Stephen: YEAH, UH-HUH.
NO, HONEYMOON.
>> HONEYMOON.
OKAY, SO I HAD NOTHING GOING ON,
HONESTLY, BECAUSE I WORKED SO
HARD AND THEN I GOT SICK SO NOW
UM NOT DOING THAT ANYMORE.
THIS IS THE NEW ME.
WHEN I FOUND THAT NEW MOVIE WITH
GOLDIE HAWN, I GOT SICK.
( APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU, ONE PERSON.
>> Stephen: ONE
ENDOCRINOLOGIST REALLY WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
>> YEAH, SO HE'S A CHEF AND
COOKING IN SONOMA AT SCRIBE
VINEYARDS, SO I FOLLOWED HIM
THERE.
THEN HE WAS COOKING IN MILAN AND
I HEARD THEY INVENTED PASTA AND
WINE, SO I JUST FOLLOWED HIM
AROUND.
>> Stephen: YOU WENT TO ITALY
FOR YOUR HONEYMOON?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: DO YOU ENJOY THE
PASTA AND WINE BECAUSE SOME
PEOPLE DENY THEMSELVES.
WHAT KIND OF SICK --
( LAUGHTER )
NO.
>> Stephen: JUST ASKING A
QUESTION, SOME PEOPLE JUST DON'T
DO CARBS.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
JON, COME HERE.
JUST HOLD ME.
>> Jon: I GOTCHA.
I GOTCHA.
>> THANK YOU.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THANK YOU, JON.
THANK YOU, JON.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT WAS A SERVICE
HE PROVIDED.
THANK YOU, JON.
I'LL KEEP THAT IN MIND, JON,
YOU'RE VERY GENEROUS.
>> THANK YOU, JON.
>> Stephen: SO YOU DO THE
PASTA AND THE WINE?
>> VERY MUCH SO, KIND OF ALMOST
EVERY NIGHT.
ACTRESSES SAY I LOVE
CHEESEBURGERS, YOU LOOK LIKE YOU
HAVE PASTA AND WINE.
>> Stephen: WHICH IS
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL, BY THE
WAY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> WHAT?
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
>> Stephen: HOW LONG WERE YOU
GUYS ON YOUR HONEYMOON, A COUPLE
OF WEEKS?
>> I DON'T KNOW, TEN DAYS OR
SOMETHING.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
YEAH, NOT TOO LONG.
>> Stephen: I SEEM MORE
INTERESTED IN YOUR HONEYMOON
STORIES THAN YOU.
( LAUGHTER )
>> I HATE THOSE STORIES ON THESE
SHOWS.
I SAW A DOLPHIN!
INTERESTING!
>> Stephen: NOT ONE PERSON
EVER SAID THAT SENTENCE.
>> WE SWAM WITH THE DOLPHINS,
HERE'S A PICTURE!
( LAUGHTER )
AS ALBRIGHT COMES OUT HERE WITH
A DOLPHIN PIC.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: I THINK SHE HAS
HER OWN TAINT TEAM, TOO.
>> OH, YES, SHE DOES.
>> Stephen: YES, WITHOUT A
DOUBT.
>> IS THIS INTERVIEW GOING TO
AIR?
>> Stephen: I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S OUR FIRST DAY BACK.
SOMETIMES THEY GIVE ME A
MULLIGAN.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: I WAS JUST OFF FOR
A WEEK.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU WATCHED THE
MONOLOGUE BUT I WAS OFF FOR A
WEEK.
>> GREAT MONOLOGUE.
>> Stephen: THANKS.
BACK AT CHA.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: I UNPLUGGED MY
PHONE.
DO YOU LIKE TO COMPLETELY LEAVE
THE NEWS BEHIND AND EVERYTHING
LIKE THAT?
>> YEAH, BECAUSE I GET THE
ALERTS, DO YOU GET ALERTS ON
YOUR PHONE?
>> Stephen: I GET THEM ON MY
WATCH.
THAT'S THE CRAZY PART.
>> THEY'RE REALLY ANNOYING TO ME
BECAUSE I THINK I'VE GOT A TEXT
AND THEN I'M, LIKE, NO, LONELY.
DO YOU HAVE FRIENDS THAT, LIKE,
EVER SINCE WE STARTED GETTING
THE ALERTS, I HAVE FRIENDS WHO
JUST FROM THE ALERTS THEY THINK
THEY WORK ON THE FLOOR OF THE
"TIMES."
THEY'RE, LIKE, TILLERSON'S OUT,
GUYS!
LISTEN, SPOTLIGHT, YOU WORK AT
PET CO-.
RELAX.
RIGHT?
( LAUGHTER )
LIKE THEY HAVE THE SCOOP?
>> Stephen: SURE, SURE.
MY FRIENDS DO WORK AT THE
FLORIDA TIMES IS THE PROBLEM.
>> OH, YEAH, THAT'S PROBABLY
TRUE INTO LET'S TALK ABOUT THE
REAL SCOOP.
YOU GOT THE NEW MOVIE "I FEEL
PRETTY."
>> YES
( CHEERING )
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Stephen: I HAVE SOME SENSE
OF WHAT THE MOVIE IS ABOUT.
WHAT HAPPENS?
>> I PLAY A GIRL NAMED RENEE AND
SHE HAS REALLY LOW SELF-ESTEEM.
SHE FEELS REALLY BAD ABOUT
HERSELF.
WHEN THE TRAILER CAME OUT, I GOT
NICE BACKLASH WHEN THEY WERE
SAYING I WASN'T DISGUSTING IF
YOU HAVE TO PLAY THAT ROLE, AND
THANK YOU.
BUT IT'S NOT ABOUT AN UGLY
MONSTER, SHE JUST HAS LOW
SELF-ESTEEM, AND SHE HITS HER
HEAD IN A CYCLE CLASS AND ALL OF
A SUDDEN I SEE MYSELF AS A
SUPERMODEL WHEN I LOOK IN THE
MIRROR AND I JUST AM READY FOR
MY LIFE TO CHANGE.
>> Stephen: WHAT'S HAPPENING
IN THIS CLIP?
>> IN THIS CLIP, I HAVE BEEN
SUPER HOT FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS
AND I'M KIND OF READY TO ACCEPT
ALL LIFE WILL BRING.
IN THIS CLIP I'M IN A
DRY-CLEANER AND THIS IS WHAT
HAPPENS.
>> Stephen: OKAY, JIM.
JIM, ROLL THE CLIP.
WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER?
( LAUGHTER )
>> SO THIS IS HOW IT HAPPENS.
JUST LIKE THAT.
WOW.
>> JUST LIKE THAT?
WHAT HAPPENS?
LIKE WHAT?
>> THAT IS VERY CLEVER.
I DON'T KNOW WHY THAT'S
CLEVER.
WHAT IS CLEVER?
I'M JUST ASKING WHAT THE NUMBER
IS.
>> AND I GO, OH, 118.
AND THEN YOU'RE, LIKE, NO, YOUR
PHONE NUMBER.
>> OH.
YOU'RE GOOD.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN HANGING
ON TO THAT LITTLE NUGGET?
>> I HAVEN'T BEEN.
GO INTO A DRY-CLEANERS AND
HIT ON PERFECT GIRLS?
ALL RIGHT.
GIVE ME YOUR PHONE I'M GOING TO
GIVE YOU A NUMBER.
>> ARE YOU STILL TALKING --
CHICKENING OUT?
I'M NOT CHICKENING OUT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen:.
A MOVIE CLIP.
>> Stephen: EXACTLY WHAT THAT
WAS.
>> Stephen: DO YOU THINK THERE
IS SUCH A THING AS HAVING TOO
MUCH SELF-CONFIDENCE?
DO YOU THINK THAT'S A GOOD THING
OR DO YOU THINK IT GETS TO ARROW
ARROGANCE?
>> ARE YOU ASKING FOR YOU?
>> Stephen: YEAH.
I THINK IT'S GREAT TO HAVE
GREAT CONFIDENCE BUT THERE'S A
LEVEL.
I'VE HAD SELF-ESTEEM FOR A TIME
AND SOMEBODY LETS YOU KNOW.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVE A HUSBAND
NOW.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: BECAUSE WHEN
YOU'RE MARRIED, YOU SEE EACH
OTHER AT YOUR WORST.
>> YEAH, AND THAT'S SO COOL
BECAUSE THEY CAN'T LEAVE!
>> Stephen: DON'T PUSH IT.
( CHEERING )
SO LOVELY TO SEE YOU.
>> GREAT TO SEE YOU.
>> Stephen: STAY -- STRONG.
( LAUGHTER )
>> WOW!
>> Stephen: YEAH.
OKAY.
STAY -- YOU.
>> Stephen: DON'T -- DON'T
EVER CHANGE.
>> CHANGE.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
>> STEPHEN: "I FEEL PRETTY" IS
IN THEATERS APRIL 20.
AMY SCHUMER, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH
MADELEINE ALBRIGHT.
ALL RIGHT?